# The Enterprise Model: Mapping the Crew of \'Strange New Worlds\' to a High-Performing Development Team

## Introduction: The Starship as a Startup

The enduring appeal of Starfleet lies in its mission: to explore, to
discover, and to solve intractable problems on the galactic frontier.
The crew of a starship, particularly the USS Enterprise, functions as
the ultimate agile, cross-functional team. Their five-year mission is
not unlike a long-term product roadmap, filled with sprints into
\"uncharted territories\" that demand adaptability, data-driven
decision-making, and radical collaboration.^1^ This operational model
provides a powerful analogue for the modern software development
lifecycle (SDLC), where small, empowered teams are tasked with
navigating the complexities of technology and user needs to build
innovative products.

This report will deconstruct the crew of *Star Trek: Strange New Worlds*
to build a new model for high-performing development teams. First, it
will establish comprehensive character dossiers for the key personnel of
the Enterprise, analyzing their skills, backgrounds, and core
psychological drivers. Second, it will define the essential roles within
a modern development team structure. The core of the analysis will then
map the Enterprise crew to these development roles, justifying each
assignment based on character traits and professional competencies.
Finally, the report will analyze the emergent team dynamics of this
\"Enterprise Development Team\" to extract a series of actionable
lessons in leadership, team composition, and collaborative synergy
applicable to any organization seeking to build a truly exceptional
product.

## Section 1: The Enterprise Development Team: Character Dossiers

The foundation of any high-performing team is the unique talent and
psychology of its individual members. The command crew of the USS
Enterprise is defined not only by their exemplary skills but also by the
personal histories that have forged those abilities. A recurring pattern
emerges where professional strengths are direct, adaptive responses to
past traumas, creating a team that is not free of baggage, but is
profoundly resilient because of it.

### 1.1 Captain Christopher Pike: The Empathetic Leader

As Captain of the USS Enterprise, Christopher Pike is a decorated
veteran officer whose command style is fundamentally shaped by the
foreknowledge of his own debilitating future accident.^2^ This tragic
awareness does not make him reckless or morose; instead, it instills in
him a profound appreciation for the present moment and a deep,
paternalistic sense of responsibility for his crew.^4^ His core
competencies are not tactical genius in the traditional sense, but
rather exceptional interpersonal skills, strategic thinking under
pressure, and the ability to foster an environment of high psychological
safety. His habit of cooking gourmet meals for his staff is not a mere
quirk but a deliberate team-building and morale-boosting strategy,
demonstrating a commitment to a \"servant-leader\" mentality.^3^

### 1.2 Commander Una Chin-Riley (Number One): The Systems Architect

First Officer Una Chin-Riley, known as \"Number One,\" is the
operational backbone of the Enterprise. Her meticulous, guarded, and
protocol-adherent nature is a direct consequence of her background as an
Illyrian, a species that practices genetic augmentation---a practice
outlawed by the Federation.^4^ This lifelong secret has cultivated in
her an unmatched set of organizational skills, procedural mastery, and
an intense attention to detail. While described by some as \"where fun
goes to die,\" this assessment points to her rigorous, no-nonsense
approach to maintaining operational integrity and ensuring the highest
standards are met under any circumstances.^3^ She is driven by a need
for order and perfection, viewing rules and systems as the essential
framework for achieving excellence and ensuring safety.

### 1.3 Lieutenant Spock: The Logic Engine

The Enterprise\'s Chief Science Officer, Spock, is a figure of immense
intellectual power, defined by his constant struggle to reconcile his
logical Vulcan heritage with his emotional human side.^4^ At this stage
in his career, he is still a work in progress, less at peace with this
internal duality than his future self, a conflict that is highlighted by
his complex relationships with his Vulcan fianc√©e T\'Pring and Nurse
Chapel.^3^ His core competencies are superior analytical reasoning, the
ability to process vast amounts of data, and a uniquely objective
perspective in scientific problem-solving. Spock\'s primary driver is
the pursuit of logic and understanding, and it is the very tension
between his two natures that gives him his unique strength, allowing him
to access both rigorous analysis and, occasionally, profound intuitive
leaps.

### 1.4 Ensign Nyota Uhura: The Communications Hub

Beginning her career as a cadet wrestling with her future in Starfleet,
Nyota Uhura evolves into the ship\'s indispensable Communications
Officer.^4^ A linguistic prodigy, her confidence is forged under the
mentorship of the late Chief Engineer Hemmer, who helps her find her
sense of belonging on the Enterprise. Her core competencies extend
beyond simple translation; she is a master of signal interpretation,
possesses a high degree of empathy and active listening, and excels at
rendering complex or alien information into understandable concepts for
the rest of the crew. Uhura is driven by a fundamental desire to connect
people and create understanding. She is the central node for all
information flow, a natural translator who bridges gaps not just between
languages, but between people, cultures, and technologies.

### 1.5 Nurse Christine Chapel: The Creative Innovator

Reimagined from her original portrayal, Nurse Christine Chapel in
*Strange New Worlds* is a brilliant medical researcher and pragmatic
innovator. Described as \"brilliant, clever, and even mischievous,\" she
is far more than a subordinate medical officer.^3^ Her competencies
include not just medical expertise but also bio-chemical engineering and
the ability to rapidly prototype novel solutions under extreme pressure,
such as developing genetic modifications to alter a crewmember\'s
species.^4^ Her on-again, off-again romance with Spock highlights her
high emotional intelligence and ability to connect with even the most
guarded individuals.^3^ Chapel is a results-oriented problem-solver,
unbound by conventional methods and driven by a desire to heal and
improve through scientific creativity.

### 1.6 Lieutenant La\'an Noonien-Singh: The Threat Analyst

The Enterprise\'s Chief of Security, La\'an Noonien-Singh, is a
survivor. Her professional hyper-vigilance is a direct result of the
profound trauma of surviving a Gorn attack that killed her family as a
child.^3^ This experience, compounded by the social stigma of being a
descendant of the infamous Khan Noonien Singh, has shaped her into a
formidable officer.^3^ Her core competencies are threat assessment,
tactical analysis, extreme attention to detail, and a systematic,
protocol-driven approach to security. La\'an is driven by an
overwhelming need to prevent a recurrence of her past trauma by
identifying and neutralizing threats before they can manifest. Her
greatest strength---her unwavering vigilance---is also the source of her
personal struggles with trust and emotional vulnerability.

### 1.7 Lieutenant Erica Ortegas: The Execution Specialist

As the ship\'s helmsman, Lieutenant Erica Ortegas is an elite pilot and
a veteran of the Klingon-Federation War.^3^ A new character created for
the series, she is defined by her iconoclastic style---from her punk
haircut to her witty rapport with the captain---and her sterling skill
at the helm.^3^ Her core competencies are masterful control of the
ship\'s complex interface, exceptional reflexes, and the ability to
remain calm while executing precise, high-stakes maneuvers. Captain
Pike\'s informal use of her first name suggests an environment where her
expertise is trusted implicitly, allowing her to focus entirely on her
craft.^3^ Ortegas is confident and execution-focused, finding deep
satisfaction in the flawless performance of her specialized duties.

### 1.8 Dr. Joseph M\'Benga: The User Advocate

The Chief Medical Officer of the Enterprise, Dr. Joseph M\'Benga, is a
compassionate physician whose gentle demeanor belies his own history of
trauma from the Klingon War, which also made him a formidable
hand-to-hand combatant.^3^ His defining act was using the transporter\'s
pattern buffer to keep his terminally ill daughter in stasis,
demonstrating a willingness to bend rigid rules for deeply compassionate
reasons.^3^ His core competencies are medical expertise, profound
empathy for his patients, and crisis management. M\'Benga is driven by a
paternalistic duty to care for others. His past has not hardened him but
has deepened his empathy, making him the ultimate advocate for his
\"user\"---the patient---focusing entirely on their needs and desired
outcomes above all else.

## Section 2: The Modern Development Team: Roles and Requisites

To map the Enterprise crew effectively, it is essential to first define
the structure of a modern, agile software development team. This is not
a simple hierarchy of coders but a highly interdependent ecosystem of
specialists. Success hinges less on the raw output of any single
individual and more on the seamless flow of information and
collaboration between these distinct but interconnected roles. Many of
these key roles are fundamentally about translation and
sense-making---bridging the gaps between the domains of business, user
experience, and technology.

### 2.1 Core Leadership & Strategy Roles

- **Product Owner:** This individual is the voice of the stakeholder and
  the champion of the end-user. They are responsible for defining the
  product\'s vision, creating and prioritizing the product backlog (the
  list of features to be built), and ultimately maximizing the value the
  team delivers. The Product Owner determines the \"what\" and \"why\"
  of a project.^5^

- **Project Manager / Scrum Master:** This role serves as the team\'s
  facilitator and process guardian. They are responsible for project
  planning, resource allocation, removing impediments that block
  progress, and ensuring the team adheres to its chosen methodology
  (like Agile or Scrum). They focus on the \"how\" and \"when,\"
  ensuring team health, velocity, and on-time delivery.^5^

### 2.2 Architecture and Engineering Roles

- **Software Architect:** The architect designs the high-level structure
  of the entire software system. They make the critical technical
  decisions regarding frameworks, platforms, and coding standards to
  ensure the final product is scalable, secure, and maintainable. They
  create the foundational blueprint that guides the development team.^5^

- **Software Developer:** These are the builders who write, test, and
  maintain the code. This role is often split into two specializations:

  - **Back-End Developer:** Focuses on the server-side logic, databases,
    and Application Programming Interfaces (APIs). They build the core
    functionality and data structures that power the application from
    behind the scenes.^10^

  - **Front-End Developer:** Focuses on the client-side, user-facing
    interface. They translate the visual designs into interactive,
    functional code, ensuring a seamless experience across browsers and
    devices.^8^

### 2.3 User Experience and Quality Roles

- **UI/UX Designer:** The designer is the advocate for the user\'s
  journey. \"UX\" (User Experience) focuses on the overall feel and
  intuitiveness of the product, while \"UI\" (User Interface) focuses on
  the visual design and layout. They create wireframes, prototypes, and
  conduct usability testing to ensure the product is accessible,
  effective, and enjoyable to use.^5^

- **Quality Assurance (QA) & Security Analyst:** This role is the
  protector of the product\'s integrity. QA analysts develop and execute
  comprehensive test plans to find bugs and ensure the software meets
  all functional requirements. A security focus adds the responsibility
  of identifying and mitigating vulnerabilities to protect the system
  and its data.^5^

### 2.4 Operations and Implementation Roles

- **DevOps Engineer:** This role bridges the gap between development
  (Dev) and IT operations (Ops). A DevOps engineer is responsible for
  automating the build, testing, and deployment pipeline, a process
  known as Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD). They
  manage the cloud infrastructure and tooling that allows for rapid,
  reliable, and scalable software releases.^9^

## Section 3: Assigning the Bridge Crew: Mapping Starfleet Skills to Development Roles

With the character profiles and development roles established, it is now
possible to map the crew of the Enterprise to a high-performing software
team. Each assignment is based on a deep alignment of core competencies,
psychological drivers, and the functional necessities of their Starfleet
position.

### 3.1 Summary Table: The Enterprise Dev Team Roster

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Character         Starfleet Role   Proposed       Key Justification   Core Strengths in  Potential
                                     Development                        Role               Challenges
                                     Role                                                  
  ----------------- ---------------- -------------- ------------------- ------------------ -------------------
  **Christopher     Captain          **Project      Empathetic,         Emotional          Overly protective
  Pike**                             Manager /      servant-leader      intelligence,      of the team,
                                     Scrum Master** focused on          communication,     potentially
                                                    unblocking his team crisis management, shielding them from
                                                    and maintaining     fostering          necessary
                                                    morale and          psychological      stakeholder
                                                    velocity.           safety.            pressure.

  **Una             First Officer    **Software     Meticulous,         Systems thinking,  Rigidity, potential
  Chin-Riley**                       Architect /    process-oriented,   attention to       resistance to agile
                                     Tech Lead**    and focused on      detail, adherence  pivots or
                                                    maintaining high    to best practices, unconventional
                                                    standards and       documentation.     solutions.
                                                    system integrity.                      

  **Spock**         Science Officer  **Lead         Unparalleled logic, Algorithmic        Difficulty with
                                     Back-End       data analysis       thinking,          ambiguous
                                     Developer**    skills, and ability problem-solving,   requirements,
                                                    to solve complex,   data management,   potential for
                                                    abstract problems.  code purity.       over-engineering,
                                                                                           communication
                                                                                           friction.

  **Nyota Uhura**   Communications   **UI/UX        Expertise in        Empathy,           Initial lack of
                    Officer          Designer**     translating complex user-centered      confidence,
                                                    signals into        design,            potential to be
                                                    understandable,     communication,     overwhelmed by
                                                    intuitive           information        conflicting user
                                                    information for the architecture.      feedback.
                                                    end-user.                              

  **Christine       Head Nurse       **DevOps       Innovative,         Pragmatic          Tendency to create
  Chapel**                           Engineer**     adaptable, and      problem-solving,   ad-hoc solutions
                                                    skilled at creating automation         that may lack
                                                    novel solutions to  mindset, rapid     long-term
                                                    bridge gaps between prototyping,       architectural
                                                    disparate systems.  toolchain mastery. rigor.

  **La\'an          Chief of         **Lead QA &    Extreme attention   Threat modeling,   Overly pessimistic
  Noonien-Singh**   Security         Security       to detail, a        penetration        risk assessment,
                                     Analyst**      systematic approach testing,           potential to stifle
                                                    to identifying      meticulous test    innovation with
                                                    threats, and a      planning,          excessive caution.
                                                    risk-averse         adherence to       
                                                    mindset.            standards.         

  **Erica Ortegas** Helm Officer     **Specialist   Elite,              Mastery of a       Narrow focus,
                                     Front-End      execution-focused   specific framework potential
                                     Developer**    specialist who      (e.g., React),     disinterest in
                                                    excels at a         code efficiency,   tasks outside her
                                                    specific,           rapid              core specialty.
                                                    high-stakes         implementation.    
                                                    human-machine                          
                                                    interface.                             

  **Joseph          Chief Medical    **Product      Deep empathy for    Stakeholder        Bending the rules
  M\'Benga**        Officer          Owner**        the \"user\"        management,        for user needs,
                                                    (patient),          requirements       potentially
                                                    balancing immediate gathering,         creating scope
                                                    needs with          prioritization     creep or technical
                                                    long-term strategic based on user      debt.
                                                    solutions.          value.             
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 3.2 Detailed Role Analyses

#### Christopher Pike as Project Manager / Scrum Master

Pike\'s leadership is the embodiment of a modern Project Manager or
Scrum Master. His focus is not on dictating solutions but on empowering
his expert crew to perform at their best. He excels at removing
impediments, managing crises, and maintaining team morale---all core
responsibilities of a PM.^5^ His high emotional intelligence allows him
to foster the psychological safety necessary for a team to take risks
and innovate.^13^ His primary challenge would be a tendency to be overly
protective, potentially shielding his team from the legitimate pressures
and feedback from stakeholders, which could lead to a misalignment with
broader business goals.

#### Una Chin-Riley as Software Architect / Tech Lead

Una\'s obsession with procedure, rules, and operational integrity makes
her the ideal Software Architect. She is the guardian of the system\'s
\"best practices\" and high-level design. Her role as First Officer is
to ensure the ship runs according to established Starfleet protocols,
just as an architect ensures a software project adheres to technical
standards for scalability and security.^7^ Her strengths are systems
thinking and meticulous documentation. Her challenge is a potential
rigidity; she might resist agile pivots or unconventional solutions that
deviate from the established plan, requiring a flexible PM like Pike to
mediate.

#### Spock as Lead Back-End Developer

Spock\'s role as Science Officer requires him to analyze complex,
abstract data and construct logical models of reality---a direct
parallel to a back-end developer designing the database schemas,
algorithms, and server-side logic that form an application\'s
foundation.^10^ His Vulcan preference for logic would result in clean,
efficient, and highly structured code. He would excel at debugging,
systematically tracing problems without emotional frustration. His
challenge lies in his difficulty with ambiguity.^3^ He would struggle
with poorly defined user stories from a Product Owner, requiring a PM
like Pike to act as a translator, framing requirements in clear, logical
terms.

#### Nyota Uhura as UI/UX Designer

Uhura\'s entire function is to make the unintelligible intelligible. She
takes complex alien signals or languages and translates them into a
clear, intuitive format for her \"user\"---the bridge crew. This is the
essence of UI/UX design: taking complex back-end functionality and
presenting it to the end-user in an accessible and effective way.^5^ Her
empathy and linguistic skills are proxies for user-centered design and
information architecture. Her initial self-doubt as a cadet is her
primary challenge; a junior designer can be overwhelmed by conflicting
user feedback and must develop the confidence to advocate for their
design decisions.^4^

#### Christine Chapel as DevOps Engineer

Chapel is a pragmatic, hands-on problem-solver who excels at creating
clever, rapid solutions to bridge gaps between systems---for instance,
bridging the gap between human and Vulcan physiology. This aligns
perfectly with the DevOps mindset of building toolchains and automation
to connect the worlds of development and operations.^9^ She is an
innovator who can quickly prototype a solution to get a system working.
Her primary challenge is that these pragmatic, ad-hoc solutions might
lack long-term architectural rigor, creating \"technical debt\" that an
architect like Una would need to help manage and formalize.

#### La\'an Noonien-Singh as Lead QA & Security Analyst

La\'an\'s trauma-forged hyper-vigilance and meticulous attention to
detail make her a superlative Quality Assurance and Security Analyst.
Her job is to anticipate every possible failure state, every potential
threat, and every deviation from protocol---the exact mindset required
for threat modeling, penetration testing, and writing exhaustive test
plans.^5^ She is driven to find flaws before they can cause harm. This
strength, however, can become a challenge. An overly pessimistic risk
assessment could lead her to reject new features or stifle innovation
with excessive caution, requiring a balance between her rigorous testing
and the team\'s need to move forward.

#### Erica Ortegas as Specialist Front-End Developer

Ortegas is the ultimate specialist. She has mastered a single, critical
interface---the helm of the Enterprise---and executes her tasks with
flair and precision. This maps directly to a senior front-end developer
who has deep mastery of a specific framework like React or Angular.^10^
She takes the \"design\" (the flight path ordered by Pike) and
implements it flawlessly. Her strength is in her focused execution. Her
challenge is a corresponding narrowness of focus; she may show little
interest in tasks outside her core specialty, such as back-end logic or
database management, making her a powerful but highly specialized
component of the team.

#### Joseph M\'Benga as Product Owner

Dr. M\'Benga\'s defining characteristic is his unwavering advocacy for
his patient\'s well-being. This deep empathy and focus on the
\"user\'s\" needs are the most critical traits of a Product Owner.^5^ He
is responsible for understanding the user\'s problems, defining the
desired outcomes (a \"healthy\" state), and prioritizing what needs to
be done to achieve them. His willingness to bend rules to save his
daughter shows he will prioritize user value above all else. This is
also his main challenge: his compassion could lead him to accept all
user requests, creating scope creep and technical debt that the Project
Manager (Pike) and Architect (Una) would need to negotiate and control.

## Section 4: Team Dynamics and Synergies: Building a High-Performing Hybrid Team

Analyzing the crew as a collective unit reveals that its strength lies
not just in individual excellence, but in its structure and the managed
friction between its members. This configuration is a textbook example
of a high-performing Hybrid Team, a structure that combines deep
specialists with adaptable generalists to achieve both tactical depth
and strategic flexibility.^7^

### 4.1 The Enterprise as a Hybrid Team

The Enterprise crew effectively balances different types of expertise.
It has deep specialists like Ortegas (Front-End) and Spock (Back-End),
who provide the focused skills necessary to solve complex technical
problems. It also has adaptable generalists and cross-functional members
like Pike (PM) and Chapel (DevOps), who act as the connective tissue,
bridging gaps between disciplines and solving novel problems that fall
outside of established specialties. This hybrid structure is what allows
the team to effectively tackle the \"increasingly dangerous stakes\" and
\"uncharted territories\" of their mission, just as a hybrid development
team can navigate a complex project with evolving requirements.^1^

### 4.2 Key Collaborative Dynamics

The team\'s structure creates inherent, healthy friction points between
roles. These tensions, when managed properly by leadership, are not a
source of dysfunction but a driver of quality and innovation.

- **Pike (PM) & M\'Benga (PO):** This is the classic, essential tension
  between project management and product ownership. M\'Benga, as the PO,
  will constantly advocate for the user, pushing for more features and
  immediate solutions. Pike, as the PM, must balance these valid
  requests against the team\'s capacity, the project timeline, and the
  architectural constraints defined by Una. His emotional intelligence
  is the key to managing M\'Benga\'s expectations without discouraging
  his user advocacy.^13^

- **Una (Architect) & Spock (Back-End Dev):** The Architect/Developer
  dynamic is central to technical execution. Una provides the high-level
  system design and enforces coding standards to ensure long-term
  stability. Spock executes that design with logical precision. Friction
  could arise if Spock\'s purely logical solution to a problem violates
  one of Una\'s established best practices. This tension forces a
  dialogue that ensures solutions are both elegant and maintainable.

- **Uhura (UI/UX) & Ortegas (Front-End Dev):** This pairing represents
  the critical designer/developer workflow. Uhura would provide the
  wireframes and user flow specifications based on her empathetic
  understanding of the user\'s needs. Ortegas would implement that
  vision in code. Clear communication practices are paramount here to
  ensure the final product is a faithful and functional realization of
  the design vision.^8^

- **La\'an (QA) & The Developers (Spock/Ortegas):** The QA/Developer
  relationship is famously fraught with tension. La\'an\'s job is to
  find the flaws in Spock\'s and Ortegas\'s work. Without a culture of
  trust, this can feel like personal criticism. However, within the
  environment of psychological safety that Pike fosters, this process
  becomes collaborative quality improvement. La\'an\'s rigorous testing
  pushes the developers to produce more robust and secure code from the
  outset.

### 4.3 Pike\'s Leadership as an Agile Framework

Captain Pike\'s command style is a masterclass in modern, agile
leadership. He does not operate via top-down command but through
empowerment and support.

- **Fostering Psychological Safety:** Pike\'s open-door policy, crew
  dinners, and willingness to listen to even the most junior cadet
  create an environment where team members feel safe to admit
  uncertainty, ask for help, or propose unconventional ideas. This is
  the bedrock of any team that needs to innovate.

- **Servant Leadership:** Pike consistently acts to remove obstacles for
  his team. This aligns directly with the primary directive of a Scrum
  Master, which is to clear impediments so the development team can
  maintain focus and velocity.^5^ He serves his team, not the other way
  around.

- **Embracing Continuous Learning:** The core mission to \"explore new
  worlds\" is a metaphor for continuous learning and adaptation.^1^ Pike
  encourages curiosity and growth in his crew, mirroring the absolute
  necessity for development teams to constantly learn new technologies,
  frameworks, and techniques to remain effective and competitive.^11^

## Conclusion: Lessons from the Final Frontier for Modern Development Teams

The operational model of the USS Enterprise under Captain Pike offers a
powerful blueprint for building and leading modern development teams.
The analysis yields several actionable recommendations for tech leaders
seeking to foster environments of high performance and sustained
innovation.

- **Recruit for Resilience, Not Perfection:** The Enterprise crew
  demonstrates that personal hardship can forge exceptional professional
  strengths. Leaders should look beyond pristine resumes to identify
  candidates who exhibit adaptability, resilience, and post-traumatic
  growth. An environment of psychological safety is key to allowing
  these individuals to channel their unique strengths while supporting
  their vulnerabilities.

- **Build Hybrid Teams:** Success requires a deliberate balance of deep
  specialists and adaptable generalists. Intentionally constructing
  hybrid teams ensures that an organization has both the focused
  expertise to solve complex technical problems and the cross-functional
  breadth to remain agile and strategically flexible.

- **Elevate the \"Translator\" Roles:** Invest heavily in the roles that
  bridge domains: Product Owners, UI/UX Designers, and Software
  Architects. Their ability to accurately translate business
  requirements, user needs, and technical constraints is the single
  greatest leverage point for overall team efficiency and product
  success. A misinterpretation in these roles is far more costly than
  slow code.

- **Lead to Unblock, Not to Command:** The most effective modern
  leadership style is that of the servant-leader. A leader\'s primary
  function is to create an environment of trust, remove impediments, and
  provide the resources and support that empower their expert team to do
  its best work.

- **Embrace Healthy Friction:** A successful team is not one free of
  conflict, but one that manages it productively. Leaders should design
  team structures that create constructive tension between
  roles---Product vs. Engineering, QA vs. Development, Architecture vs.
  Innovation. The goal is not harmony, but a balanced system of checks
  and balances that drives dialogue, improves quality, and leads to a
  more robust and valuable final product.

#### Works cited

1.  Strange New Worlds - Star Trek, accessed August 18, 2025,
    [[https://www.startrek.com/series/star-trek-strange-new-worlds]{.underline}](https://www.startrek.com/series/star-trek-strange-new-worlds)

2.  List of Star Trek: Strange New Worlds characters - Wikipedia,
    accessed August 18, 2025,
    [[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Star_Trek:\_Strange_New_Worlds_characters]{.underline}](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Star_Trek:_Strange_New_Worlds_characters)

3.  Star Trek: Strange New Worlds Cast and Character Guide - CBR,
    accessed August 18, 2025,
    [[https://www.cbr.com/star-trek-strange-new-worlds-cast-character-guide/]{.underline}](https://www.cbr.com/star-trek-strange-new-worlds-cast-character-guide/)

4.  Strange New Worlds Season 2 Cast Guide --- Every New & Returning
    Star Trek Character, accessed August 18, 2025,
    [[https://screenrant.com/star-trek-strange-new-worlds-cast-characters-guide/]{.underline}](https://screenrant.com/star-trek-strange-new-worlds-cast-characters-guide/)

5.  10 Key Roles In Software Development Team + Best Practices, accessed
    August 18, 2025,
    [[https://www.intelivita.com/blog/roles-in-a-software-development-team/]{.underline}](https://www.intelivita.com/blog/roles-in-a-software-development-team/)

6.  Dev Team Roles and Responsibilities - DevTeam.Space, accessed August
    18, 2025,
    [[https://www.devteam.space/blog/dev-team-roles-and-responsibilities/]{.underline}](https://www.devteam.space/blog/dev-team-roles-and-responsibilities/)

7.  What is a Development Team? Overview, Roles, and Structure, accessed
    August 18, 2025,
    [[https://dovetail.com/product-development/what-is-a-development-team/]{.underline}](https://dovetail.com/product-development/what-is-a-development-team/)

8.  Identifying key roles and structure for software development teams -
    Teamwork.com, accessed August 18, 2025,
    [[https://www.teamwork.com/blog/software-development-teams/]{.underline}](https://www.teamwork.com/blog/software-development-teams/)

9.  11 Key Roles in a Software Development Team \[+3 Emerging\] - Alcor
    BPO, accessed August 18, 2025,
    [[https://alcor-bpo.com/10-key-roles-in-a-software-development-team-who-is-responsible-for-what/]{.underline}](https://alcor-bpo.com/10-key-roles-in-a-software-development-team-who-is-responsible-for-what/)

10. 14 Top Software Developer Skills for 2025: The Complete Guide -
    Netguru, accessed August 18, 2025,
    [[https://www.netguru.com/blog/software-developer-skills]{.underline}](https://www.netguru.com/blog/software-developer-skills)

11. 10 Must-Have Software Engineering Skills \| Institute of Data,
    accessed August 18, 2025,
    [[https://www.institutedata.com/us/blog/10-must-have-software-engineering-skills/]{.underline}](https://www.institutedata.com/us/blog/10-must-have-software-engineering-skills/)

12. The Top 10 Software Developer Skills for 2024 - Skillsoft, accessed
    August 18, 2025,
    [[https://www.skillsoft.com/blog/the-top-10-software-developer-skills-for-2023]{.underline}](https://www.skillsoft.com/blog/the-top-10-software-developer-skills-for-2023)

13. 7 essential software development leadership skills for success \|
    Gain an advantage with strong team empowerment - Lumenalta, accessed
    August 18, 2025,
    [[https://lumenalta.com/insights/7-essential-software-development-leadership-skills-for-success]{.underline}](https://lumenalta.com/insights/7-essential-software-development-leadership-skills-for-success)

14. Software Development Team Roles and Responsibilities - Revelo,
    accessed August 18, 2025,
    [[https://www.revelo.com/blog/development-team]{.underline}](https://www.revelo.com/blog/development-team)

15. Building The PERFECT Software Developer With 10 SKILLS - YouTube,
    accessed August 18, 2025,
    [[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_XQgfhSshY]{.underline}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_XQgfhSshY)
